CNV-55957: Add documentation for the new tree view (#93239)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/virt-listing-vms-web.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * virt/managing_vms/virt-list-vms.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: PROCEDURE

[id="virt-listing-vms-web_{context}"]
= Listing virtual machines by using the web console

> You can navigate all virtual machines (VMs) in your cluster by using the web console.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can list all of the virtual machines (VMs) in your cluster by using the web console.
```

.Procedure

> . Click *Virtualization* -> *VirtualMachines* from the side menu to access the tree view with all projects and VMs in your cluster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Click *Virtualization* -> *VirtualMachines* from the side menu to access the tree view with all of the projects and VMs in your cluster.
```
